Mar. 16:
	Looks like Cade agreed to becoming Treasurer.  Yay!
	I (Adrien) will float into Vice President role as a result.
	Ryan is staying on for another year.  I'll be sticking around longer, possibly through next-next Spring.
	OCWiC event was mentioned.  It was a positive experience this year, looking to go again next year.  Plans for improving the 3 hour commute with a shared bus with other schools.  No ACM funds used for this, Wright State funds were instead.
	Programming contest again this fall, ICPC.  
		Our team did well, especially considering the competition.  
		Discussion how our teams are to be selected for regionals, conflict with getting students to volunteer to create programming problems.  
		Volunteers don't necessarily need to WRITE problems, but can instead FIND problems.  Many competitions post their problems/solutions online, which we can draw from.	
		Potential timing considerations, as regionals may move to Fall, which could knock out freshmen.
		Brainstorming how to bring back previous teams, team sizes for future competitions, as regionals require no more or less than 3 people teams.  Can have multiple teams of 3.
		Discussion of software used in our competitions, compared to regional software.  They are functionally the same, but ours could benefit from an update.
	Student First Fund discussed.
		Discussed our Piano Staircase proposal.
		Motivation, goal (getting students involved, excited to learn)
		Mention of challenge tokens.
		How this can lead to new project ideas.
		Fund is used to seed stocks of equipment for future projects.
		Discussed what we'll use equipment for, how.
		Fund was approved!  $5000 requested, $4300 approved.
			Mention of contractual requirements, seemed fair and appropriate.
			Possibilities of outside funding from companies.
			Need to avoid focusing discussions only on Piano Piano staircase!
	National Cyber League discussed.
		Women-focused mini regionals proposed.
		NCL registration is nearly closed!  Students encouraged to join.
		Practice game mentioned, benefits.
		Looking for WSU to join.
		Details are linked on Discord.
		No travel, all remote.  Funding provided.
	Request for Summer ideas mentioned.
